Backend Assignment:

Research:

1a. 1.Finds the ip address for corresponding url.
    2.The request passed and connection between webpage host and client with series
     od intermediate computers by the protocol used in url.
    3. The server then based on client's call extracts html file using the contents
       of the host.
    4.The html file is sent back via a series o computer connections not necessarily 
       the same path.
    5.The .html is then executed again waiting for the next users response.

1b. 1.First the web browser checks whether the translation of domain name to ip address
    has already been done from the cache.
    2.If no then it asks the os whether host files have done before.
    3.If no then it checks the isp history for previous translation.
    4.Even if not isp then it asks the global authority of corresponding translation.
    5.Once the ip address is found,then the request is sent using protocols and 
      connection is made.
1c.Tcp-Transfer Control protocol involves a well made connection between the client and server before 
   data packet is sent.In tcp after the data is sent a confirmation is sent from 
   the receiver end that the exact data is received.This is helpful during network congestion,
   unpredictable network.
   Udp-User datagram protocol is an alternative to tcp where sender keeps sending data packets
   and receiver keeps getting the packets.Here no well established connection made,therefore
   loss of packets is possible.Also confrimation messages arent generally sent.

1d.A server is a program or a device which provides multiple functionalities to the clients.It responds 
   based on request send by the client.Basic Server setup involves a one or more computer with operating
   systems and set of enabled protocols  that do the purpose of serving the client.   

1e.Server evaluates the request which was given by client.Web server receives the http request.The web
   server extracts the corresponding html file, can also construct the file based on previous history,
   evaluations and sent back.
   Apache-A virtual machine instance on Google Compute Engine can be controlled like any standard Linux server.
   The Apache web server has modules which add more functions to its software.  

1f.Make your system as a server.Now both system should be connected to a common router.
   Find your system ip address.Then "ipaddress"/"name of file".
   eg:192.168.0.102/example.html.
   A router is a networking device that forwards data packets between computer networks. 

2.Django is a opensource language made out of python used for web developement.It works 
  for the backend and used for dynamic web pages.Django can reduce the work of usage 
  a database languages like sql since it has features that does all the work of putting
  and processing and taking out of data in a database.Django is just kind of a library 
  in python where all the functionalities are similar to python classes,functions.
  So we create classes which contains various data members and member functions.Each data
  member represents a field in the database and each object is a row.So creation of class
  objects and its members and storing via class objects makes the corresponding data in the
  data base,thus making work much simpler.Also the presence of wide range of functions help 
  us to enable dynamic web pages.

3.This code Models for Body and their children (BodyChildRelation).
  Body-An organization or club which may conduct events.
  The body contains some basic data members like:
    *id
    *time_of_creation
    *name 
    *description
    *website_url 
    *image_url
    *time_of_modification
  It also has some member functions to return some corresponding information. 
  It also has meta class
  Meta Class:
    A metaclass in Python is a class of a class that defines how a class behaves.
  Then 1 more class exist which relates parent to child .
  It has parent and child member which stores id of parent and children.
  This is how we can make a tree structure.
  So it gives rise to node and rootes.So parent is a node and child is a root which 
   again can be a parent.There exists one more root node which only has children and no parent.
  This also has a meta class which kind of describes the outer class itself.

Think:

1.Class Book:
   Data members:
   1.bookname
   2.author
   3.isbn no
   4.userid val default=NULL;  %if one user selected book the val is made 0.
   5.descp %short description.
   6.ownerid val
                                                             
   Functions:
   Functions to return each of the data member .
   Function to modify descp
   Function to allocate the book user.
   Constructors can be used to set default value or initial values during upload.
   
   Class user:
   Data member:
   1.user id
   2.isbn set % a value which stores all books obtained by user 
    in form of 1 string  "isbn1","isbn2","isbn3"... where every id can be retrieved.
    
   Functions:
   Functions to:
       return every book id.
       borrow book.
   Function to return the user info.
   Constructors can be used to set default value or initial values during registration as user.
   Delete every thing if user quits.
  
  Class Donor:
  Data member:
  1.Donor id
  2.isbn set % similarly stored as that of user
  
  Functions :
    Functions to: 
      donate a book.(update after user obtains)
      upload an book for upload
      return every book isbn no,book id.
    Constructors can be also used to set default values or initial values during registration. 
    Delete if donor wishes to quit.

2a.*Create a class mapofauthorbook
   *This class contains a data member which stores names of all books corresponding to author.
   *Default value=""
   *Values can be stored as "book1,book2,book3,book4"...
   *This class contains function to:
      *Return all books 
      *Add a book found to be of a particular author
   """ So logic is if the author is new a new object is created with name as author id.
       If already author exists,we add the book to the existing author."""
2b. 
       
3a.Here each event is assigned a number called weight.
   * First checked if an event is expired and its three days done after expiry.
     All such events are removed.
   * Event prioritizer sets weight for each event.First when an event is entered
     by user,it is checked whether it is an permissable event.
   *Also  bonus weight if user is following a body conducting the event.
   *Default weight exists.Bonuses are added and penalities are deducted.
   *Bonuses are given to:
      *Events yet to end.
      *if user is following a body conducting the event.
      *For promoted events.
      *
    *Penalities are given to:
      *Long running events.
      *Events that have a long time to start linearly.
      *Fininshed Events.
      *Events for not being tagged in restricted audience

3b. Similar to 3a,we can do similar one for this.We can convert this as an classification 
    problem but for simplicity  we are doing that.(Similar to youtube pops out the list of videos)
    So in default case if the books have rating,the default weight is assigned based on the rating.
    Once the user begins taking the books the weight keeps changing.
    *Whenever the user takes a particular book the weight keeps increasing.
    *Weight increase is also based on how recent the pick of book is.
    *Also flag option is given to user.Flag adds heavy amount of weight.
    *Unflagging reduces the heavy weight.
    *Also longer flagged books have better preference.
    *User can opt to push the book down of his choice of magnitude.
     Corrseponding weight is deducted.
    *Default Higher weights for study books,Lower weight for entertainment books.
     The classification can be either by the admin or it can be also an simple classification 
     problem but efficiency can be low.

    So if the book is removed for some cases the weight is made negative.
    The list is filtered removing the negative weight books and placing the most weighted books
    on top.